ah what a nice peaceful day there are
many things one can do to reach mental
tranquility one can find a classic piece
of literature and spend the day
absorbing the written word or one can
make a nice cup of tea and simply bask
in the silence of a lazy Sunday or one
could participate in a sporting game of
[Music]
the first step to achieving a
stress-free leisurely activities decide
which MORTAL KOMBAT to play this may
seem daunting at first because there are
so many choices in my opinion you can't
go wrong with the first game nothing
quite like playing a fighting game on an
arcade cabinet and releasing all those
day-to-day frustrations out on the
joystick no innuendo intended sure there
are other versions like the SNES version
the Sega Genesis version and even the PC
port of the game but there's something
wonderfully nostalgic and magical about
playing it on the cabinet itself first
you must choose a character to your
liking note how friendly and inviting
these characters look this fighters name
is Kano definitely the type of bloke you
could have a nice friendly dialogue with
and afterwards he can teach you
acrobatics
you can either play against somebody
else or you can attempt to fight other
characters making the long but
prosperous climb up the tower and
defeating all of your enemies and trust
me there isn't a better way to relieve
some stress than by cutting a batch wins
fatality there now doesn't that feel
better one of the best things about
Mortal Kombat is the bloody violent
nature of the fighting you know how you
have a bad day at work and your boss is
getting on your ass for data reports and
then you spilled coffee in your lap and
your coworker hits on you and your
computer blue screens and you didn't
save your work and the world basically
takes a crap all over your being
well what better way to bring the spark
back into your day than to pull
someone's final chord out from their
body
Sub Zero with flowers in totality how
can you possibly think of anything else
when your character is holding your
opponent's still beating hard over his
or her body Kato wins fatality
it's truly serene some people may start
to feel troubled over seeing some of
these poor souls tossing to a
strategically placed pit of spikes
resulting an unwanted duress this is
when you really have to look at the
fighter wedged into those spikes and you
say to yourself well better him than me
and soon you'll be punching people and
despite pits left and right others
believe that Mortal Kombat results in
anger and aggression in some people this
may be true but consider the list of
things that I believe to be far more
aggression inducing than Mortal Kombat
recent studies show that these five
things make people absolutely insane
here is some actual completely
unscripted footage of your average
person playing a game of life another
kid another kid I can't afford another
cane lost roll line your Tooting this
your recording shut up there you go I do
love a rousing game of mortal combat and
probably will continue to as long as
NetherRealm Studios keeps developing
them I love the characters I love the
gore I love the music and believe it or
not I actually do play this game to
relax despite how violent the game is I
don't know there's just something
incredibly awesome about decimating your
opponent in a video game after a really
hard day if you're lucky enough to have
an arcade in the area that still has
cabinets when it's worth playing Mortal
Kombat was one of the first arcade style
games I played when I was younger and to
this day I still go back to the arcade
to play it plus I have this weird
fascination with decapitation which may
explain why I don't have many friends
huh it's nice to just lose yourself in
the gameplay and focus on releasing all
of those bad energies I know I feel at
peace
scorpion wins tranquility
[Music]